Update the WS API docs (#937)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/frontend/extending/websocket-api.md

#### Sending a direct response

If you are defining a command that is querying simple information, you might be able to fulfill the request while the handler is being called by the websocket API. To do this, use `connection.to_write.put_nowait`.

```python
@callback
def websocket_handle_thumbnail(hass, connection, msg):
    """Handle getting a thumbnail."""

    # We know the answer without having to fetch any information,
    # so we send it directly.
    connection.to_write.put_nowait(
        websocket_api.result_message(
            msg["id"], {"thumbnail": "http://via.placeholder.com/350x150"}
        )
    )
def ws_get_panels(
    hass: HomeAssistant, connection: websocket_api.ActiveConnection, msg: dict
) -> None:
    """Handle the websocket command."""
    panels = ...
    connection.send_result(msg["id"], {"panels": panels})
```

#### Sending a delayed response
#### Doing I/O or sending a delayed response

> If your command needs to interact with the network, a device or needs to compute information, you will need to queue a job to do the work and send the response. To do this, use `connection.send_message_outside`.

Reviewer: Remove send message outside, replace with websocket api async response

> If your command needs to interact with the network, a device or needs to compute information, you will need to queue a job to do the work and send the response. To do this, use `connection.send_message_outside`.

Author: ```suggestion
If your command needs to interact with the network, a device or needs to compute information, you will need to queue a job to do the work and send the response. To do this, make your function async and decorate with `@websocket_api.async_response`.
```
